Han Chang and his sister used to have such a good relationship
Who allowed you to touch my things?
Hanchuan
Did you marry me because of my sister?
Business marriage
It's nobody's business.
Don't get close to your face
Doll, I see.
I went to grandpa's house today, forget about that
Don't step on your study in the future
I thought I was like a babysitter every day
I only know that my sister-in-law cooks
See you upset
OK
Are you wasting every day?
Missed the best opportunity for treatment
Only Chen Hanchuan has a solution to the current condition
I don't want him to know yet
He has the best medical resources for this
You have no other choice.
Don't delay any longer, it will kill you.
Hello Hankawa
go home
Have you forgotten what day it is today?
Hanchuan, why do you drink so much alcohol?
You are back.